Here is a proposed algorithm in English language:

1) Create a queue structure to store coordinates and append the origin point (0,0) to it.
2) Define and initialize the visited array such that all cells are set to false.
3) Initialize two variables - solution array to store visited coordinates and visited flag to keep track of found solution, both as False.
4) Enqueue the first pair of coordinates (0,0) into the queue structure.
5) While the queue is not empty:
    a) Dequeue a pair of coordinates, store it in a variable named current_coordinates.
    b) If the current pair of coordinates matches the target point (3,3):
         i) Append the current_coordinates to the solution array.
         ii) Set the visited flag to True.
         iii) Break from the while loop.
    c) Check if current_coordinates are already visited and marked in the visited array.
       If they are, continue to the next iteration of the loop.
       Otherwise, set current_coordinates as visited in the visited array and append them to the solution array.
    d) For all 4 adjacent cells or directions (left, right, up, down) around the current pair of coordinates in the maze:
         i) For each adjacent_coordinates, if they are valid (within maze boundary), check if they are already visited or not.
            If not visited and a valid edge exists between the current coordinates and adjacent coordinates in the input adjacency list:
               a) Enqueue the current coordinates to the queue structure.
         ii) Keep track of the coordinates and append to the result solution array.
6) If visited flag is still False, no solution exists, return "No solution found for this given graph" string, else go to next step.
7) Reverse the solution array to get the solution in a straight line from origin to target, thus avoid cycling/backtracing/reversing paths through the maze
8) Output <PATH_START> followed by the string representation of the solution array (one pair of coordinates in each line) and finally the <PATH_END>.
9) Limit the output string to 200 words.

Now let's apply the algorithm:

1) Create a queue structure and append (0,0).
2